The President:
On Monday, an act of terror
wounded dozens and killed three
innocent people at
the Boston Marathon.
But in the days since, the
world has witnessed one sure and
steadfast truth: Americans
refuse to be terrorized.
Ultimately, that's what we'll
remember from this week.
That's what will remain.
Stories of heroism and kindness;
resolve and resilience;
generosity and love.
The brave first responders
-- police officers and
firefighters, EMTs,
and National Guard --
who ran toward danger to
help their fellow citizens.
The race volunteers, spectators,
and exhausted runners who rushed
to help, including troops and
veterans who never expected to
see such scenes on the
streets of America.
The determined doctors and
nurses at some of the world's
best hospitals, who've toiled
day and night to save so
many lives.
The big-hearted
people of Boston --
residents, priests,
shopkeepers --
who carried victims
in their arms;
delivered water and blankets;
lined up to give blood;
opened their homes up
to total strangers.
And the heroic federal agents
and police officers who worked
together throughout the
week, often at great risk to
themselves, to keep
our communities safe.
As a country, we are eternally
grateful for the profound
sacrifices they make
in the line of duty --
sometimes making the ultimate
sacrifice to defend the people
they've sworn to protect.
If anyone wants to know who
we are; what America is;
how we respond to evil
and terror -- that's it.
Selflessly.
Compassionately.
And unafraid.
Through days that would test
even the sturdiest of souls,
Boston's spirit
remains undaunted.
America's spirit
remains undimmed.
Our faith in each other,
our love for this country,
our common creed that cuts
across whatever superficial
differences we may have --
that's what makes us strong.
That's why we endure.
In the days to come, we will
remain vigilant as a nation.
And I have no doubt the city
of Boston and its surrounding
communities will continue to
respond in the same proud and
heroic way that they
have thus far --
and their fellow Americans will
be right there with them every
step of the way.
May God bless the people of
Boston and the United States
of America.